---------------------------------------------------------------
----------- SONGJAMª User License Agreement ------------
---------------------------------------------------------------
Please read the terms of the following License Agreement before using any of the audio loops or samples contained in the software or website of SongJam. By using any of these audio loops or samples, you agree to become bound by the terms of the License Agreement. 

1. The audio loops and samples remain the property of SongJamª and/or The Write Note Foundation and are licensed, not sold, for your use with audio or visual productions including: video, films, radio, audio-only presentations, telephone answering equipment, multimedia presentations, commercials, trade shows or displays of any kind. 

2. You may only use the music on the Internet if synchronized with your audio or visual presentation and not available as a separate file or stream. This includes, but is not limited to, Flash, Real Audio, Shockwave, Quicktime or other Internet presentation formats. 

3. You may not sell, rent, lease, share or transfer the files or CD's, recordings or written materials to any other person or company. All copyrights remain the property of SongJamª and/or The Write Note Foundation or where specified by SongJamª and/or The Write Note Foundation the original copyright holder.

4. The Licensee has the right to modify the audio samples and loops. 

6. The audio loops and samples may be used for commercial purposes within musical compositions only if used 'in combination' with other sounds within musical compositions.

7. Licensor will not be responsible if the contents of these loops and samples do not fit the particular purpose of the Licensee. 

8. By using the music, Licensee agrees to indemnify and hold SongJamª and/or The Write Note Foundation and its employees free from any suit of damages or any other responsibility of any sort and manner.  Total liability of SongJamª and/or The Write Note Foundation to Licensee shall in no event ever exceed the amount paid to SongJamª and/or The Write Note Foundation by Licensee under this agreement.

9. If the Licensee fails to comply with the terms of this license all rights granted to Licensee shall be terminated. Furthermore, SongJamª and/or The Write Note Foundation shall have the right to any other course of action available under the law. 

If any terms of this contract are unclear, please contact:

Email: webmaster@songjam.com

All rights are reserved. © 2004 The Write Note Foundation
